very good guys and girls here tells us
pepe are here with another skin of
cycle
the theme is the order of youtube
which is that of irene and good against a
principle 752 point and for that price
we'll see only the way you see now
same on screen
really cool those colors or
whatever it is for that we're going to
animations quickly
that is, it is control 1
control 2
control 3
finally against 4
let's attack her her animations and others
I repeat basic skin changes only its
appearance
so we can do it
the basic part would be the following
in the same
on the q
w
tower naranjilla
and to him
the sword of delia
maybe he would kill me I would point
Hello
let's go to the jungle
the w recited
the launch q
and finally the last
notice
we do not say that you timba and good for
last is ricard and I think he has no
much
be simple
and good mind
finally the death
before there is that they kill and so
we said goodbye when he dies and
let's see
the death of rn and good people I hope that
you liked it a lot there are favorites
comment thanks a lot is appreciated
Many people also do not forget
subscribe to the channel to be aware
of all the news of lincoln firewood
you can also follow me to ruben news
tevez that to twitter where he reported
all of everything and good nothing else
in the next video chao